Add option to export cmake compile commands (#1230)
DLR-AMR/t8code: CMakeLists.txt

option( T8CODE_BUILD_AS_SHARED_LIBRARY "Whether t8code should be built as a shared or a static library" ON )
option( T8CODE_BUILD_PEDANTIC "Compile t8code with `-Wall -pedantic -Werror` as done in the Github CI." OFF )

> option( T8CODE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS "Export the compile commands as json. Can be used in code editors for intellisense" OFF )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option( T8CODE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS "Export the compile commands as json. Can be used by IDEs for code completion (e.g. intellisense, clangd)" OFF )
```
